A Step-by-Step Walkthrough of The Cleaning Bee App.

DEPENDENCIES:
1) Expo Server
Since the app is built upon React Native, therefore we need expo server to conect our code with the 
mobile and start it running.

Installation:
To install in project, run: yarn
To install in mobile, go to Google Play Store and download the application.

Running Environment:
After all the dependencies are installed, run: yarn start. This will start the expo server and will generate a QR code.
After the installation of the expo app is completed, scan the QR code to connect our project with the expo.
This way the app will b up and running.

2) Local Host
On Android, 'localhost' is a reserved word and that's why it may not work. To solve that issue, I have used ngrok, which is a 
software that makes your locally-hosted web server appear to be hosted on a subdomain of ngrok.com, meaning that no public IP or 
domain name on the local machine is needed.

Installation:
To install ngrok software, visit this link "https://bin.equinox.io/c/bNyj1mQVY4c/ngrok-v3-stable-windows-amd64.zip" and download.

Set up:
Once the zip file is downloaded, extract the executable file and run it. 
To set up a subdomain, type: ngrok.exe http 300.
This will generate a subdomain for our localhost.

Integration:
Once the set up is complete, go to StripeApp.js file in the root directory fo the project and replace the API_URL string with the 
generated subdomain by copying pasting the url from the .exe.
Save the changes.

To run the server, open a new terminal window and change directory to server by running the following: cd server.
To install the dependencies, run: npm i.
To set up the server, run : nodemon index.js.

3) Database
Click the following link to access the database: https://console.firebase.google.com/u/0/project/the-cleaning-bee/firestore/data/~2Fusers~2F7Ool8ag1SFTW1qZBMocxqoVuFHz1

4) Stripe Payment Dashboard
To view the transactions, replace the exisiting publishable and secret keys in server/index.js and StripeApp.js with your keys.

5) Payments
For succesful payment transactions, use the following test data:
    card number: 4242 4242 4242 4242
    month/year: (any)
    cvc : 000
    post code:000